language.code=alg_de
language.name=Oschtallgaierisch
language.region=Allgai
mco.backup.button.reset=Welt zrucksetza
mco.brokenworld.download=Ralada
mco.brokenworld.downloaded=Raglada
mco.brokenworld.play=Schpiela
mco.brokenworld.reset=Zrucksetza
mco.configure.world.buttons.close=Realm schliaßa
mco.configure.world.buttons.delete=Löscha
mco.configure.world.buttons.done=Basst
mco.configure.world.buttons.edit=Eischtellunga
mco.configure.world.buttons.open=Realm öffna
mco.configure.world.buttons.players=Schpielar
mco.configure.world.buttons.settings=Eischtellunga
mco.configure.world.commandBlocks=Befehlsblöcke
mco.configure.world.delete.button=Realm löscha
mco.configure.world.edit.slot.name=Nåma dr Welt
mco.configure.world.forceGameMode=Schpielmodus erzwinga
mco.configure.world.invite.profile.name=Nåma
mco.configure.world.location=Ort
mco.configure.world.name=Nåma des Realms
mco.configure.world.off=Aus
mco.configure.world.on=Å
mco.configure.world.players.title=Schpielar
mco.configure.world.pvp=Schpielar gega Schpielar (PvP)
mco.configure.world.settings.title=Eischtellunga
mco.configure.world.slot=Welt %s
mco.configure.world.slot.empty=Leer
mco.configure.world.slot.tooltip=Welt wechsla
mco.configure.world.subscription.day=Dag
mco.configure.world.subscription.month=Monat
mco.configure.world.switch.slot=Welt macha
mco.configure.world.title=Realm konfiguriara:
mco.configure.worlds.title=Welta
mco.connect.authorizing=Åmelda ...
mco.create.world=Macha
mco.create.world.seed=Åfangswert (Optional)
mco.download.downloading=Ralada vo
mco.gui.ok=Ok
mco.minigame.world.selected=Ausgwähltes Minischpiel:
mco.minigame.world.slot.screen.title=Welt wead gwechselt ...
mco.minigame.world.startButton=Wechsla
mco.news=Realms Nuis
mco.reset.world.adventure=Åbadeier
mco.reset.world.generate=Nuie Welt
mco.reset.world.resetting.screen.title=Welt wead zruckgsetzt ...
mco.reset.world.seed=Åfangswert (Optional)
mco.reset.world.template=Realm-Vorlaga
mco.reset.world.title=Welt zrucksetza
mco.selectServer.close=Schliaßa
mco.selectServer.closeserver=Realm schliaßa
mco.selectServer.configure=Realm konfiguriara
mco.selectServer.create=Realm macha
mco.selectServer.expiredRenew=Ernuira
mco.selectServer.expiredSubscribe=Abonniera
mco.selectServer.leave=Realm verlåssa
mco.selectServer.minigame=Minischpiel:
mco.selectServer.note=Aufbassa:
mco.selectServer.open=Realm öffna
mco.selectServer.openserver=Realm öffna
mco.selectServer.play=Schpiela
mco.template.button.select=Wähla
mco.template.default.name=Weltvorlaga
mco.template.name=Vorlaga
mco.terms.buttons.agree=Zuaschtimma
mco.terms.buttons.disagree=Ablehna
mco.terms.sentence.1=I nimm dia Minecraft Realms
mco.terms.sentence.2=Nutzungsbedingunga å
mco.terms.title=Realms Nutzungsbedingunga
mco.upload.size.failure.line1='%s' isch z' groaß!
